This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Bull Wallet (“we,” “our,” or “us”) pertaining to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information on mobile applications and products we offer (the “Services” or “Bull Wallet”).

OVERVIEW
Your privacy is important to us. At Bull Wallet, we follow a few fundamental principles: We don’t ask you for personally identifiable information (defined below). That being said, your contact information, such as your phone number, social media handle, or email address (depending on how you contact us), may be collected when you communicate with us or if you report a bug or other error related to Bull Wallet. We don’t share your information with third parties except to deliver you our Services and products, comply with the law, make Bull Wallet better, protect our rights, or effectuate a business transfer. We’re not a huge, faceless corporation. We’re just developers trying to deliver an incredible product. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please reach out to us at support@tradingk.com. HOW YOU ACCEPT THIS POLICY By using Bull Wallet, including downloading one of our mobile applications, visiting our website, you agree to the use, disclosure, and procedures outlined in this Privacy Policy.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM OUR USERS?
The information we collect from you falls into two categories: (i) personally identifiable information (i.e., data that could potentially identify you as an individual) (“Personal Information”), and (ii) non-personally identifiable information (i.e., information that cannot be used to identify who you are) (“Non-Personal Information”). This Privacy Policy covers both categories and will tell you how we might collect and use each type. We do our best not to collect any Personal Information from Bull Wallet users. That being said, when using our Services, we do collect PUBlIC wallet addresses that you generate through Bull Wallet. Further, we may collect some Personal Information from you when you communicate with us, including your contact information, such as your phone number, social media handle, or email address (depending on how you reach out). Like other online services, we also collect a variety of Non-Personal Information, including: Information you create through the Bull Wallet’s website or mobile applications, including public wallet addresses. Various analytics data, such as: (i) the IP address of the computer you use to access Bull Wallet; (ii) the type of browser software you are using; (iii) the operating system you are using; (iv) the date and time you access or use Bull Wallet; (v) the website address, if any, that linked you to Bull Wallet; (vi) the website address, if any, you leave our website and travel to; and (vii) other non-personally identifiable traffic data.

HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
When You Contact Us. We may collect certain information if you choose to contact us, if you use our Services or if you report a bug or other error with Bull Wallet. This may include contact information such as your name, email address, phone number, and public wallet address. We, or companies that provide services on our behalf, may also collect certain Non-Personal Information from you, such as your locally hosted public wallet (a “Wallet”) addresses.

Information We Automatically Collect
Users who visit our website or use our application may have their device’s IP address logged for the purpose of generating anonymous statistics or troubleshooting the performance of our web servers. Your IP address will not be used to track or identify you, but may be used to determine your geographic location in order to determine which of our services you are presented with. Users of our website or mobile applications will receive an anonymous unique device id (“UDID”) for the purpose of identifying the device to Bull Wallet servers. This UDID will not be tied to users’ identities, but will be used for debugging purposes and to differentiate devices when users access our Services using multiple devices.

Third Party Services
Certain features on Bull Wallet rely on various third-party products and services (collectively “Third Party Services”), such as the Ethereum network, Google Analytics, Apple’s application platform, Coinbase, . These services may collect certain Personal Information, such as your public Wallet addresses. Bull Wallet uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operato
